Add documentation for wait_for_service_timeout #3960 (#490)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/configuring-bt-navigator.rst

    Default timeout value (in milliseconds) while a BT action node is waiting for acknowledgement from an action server.
    This value will be overwritten for a BT node if the input port "server_timeout" is provided.

:wait_for_service_timeout:

  ==== =======
  Type Default
  ---- -------
  int  1000
  ==== =======

  Description

>     Default timeout value (in milliseconds) while a BT nodes are waiting for acknowledgement from an service server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Default timeout value (in milliseconds) while Action or Service BT nodes will waiting for acknowledgement from an service or action server on BT initialization (e.g. ``wait_for_action_server(timeout)``).
```
